Before takeoff. please take a moment
to review the safety protocols…
Can you raise your table. please?
In the unlikely event
of a water landing. you will find
a life vest located under your seat.
Are you okay?
Uh. yeah.
Hey. man. are you all right?
Excuse me! This guy needs help!
Sir? Are you okay?
Are you feeling sick?
I have coke in my stomach.
You have to help me.
You're gonna be okay.
Just breathe. Please! Help!
We need oxygen!
Hurry up!
Sir. look at me!
Sir? Sir! Can you hear me?
-What a fuckin' mess.
-Yeah.
Any news from the stewardess?
Nothing we didn't already know.
What the hell was he doing
with cocaine in his stomach?
I just got off the phone with forensics.
They're not sure what it was.
but it's not cocaine.
Someone cut holes in the bags.
So his cover was blown?
Seems like it.
We need a new asset.
As soon as possible.
I just lost one of my best agents.
They murdered him.
So maybe this isn't
the right time for a new operative.
Don't you wanna see justice done?
Yeah. of course I do.
I want that man arrested. Now.
Do whatever it takes.
And get your shit together.
THE ASSET
Police!
Open up! Let us in!
Down on the floor!
Down! Hands behind your head!
Get down!
Hey! Get down! Now! On the floor!
We have him! We have him!
-Get down! Quiet!
-On the floor! Fucking idiot!
-Fuck you. man!
-Don't fuck with me! Do as I say.
Wait! Wait! Wait! Nielson! Wait! Wait!
Nielsen! Dead!
Exercise is over!
Get your asses here immediately!
Right.
You've been here long enough
to know that we expect more from you.
That's enough for today. We're done.
Clean up.
You brought this on yourselves.
Come on. let's go. get a move on it!
You're all cleaning
this mess up together. got it?
-Come on!
-Folke.
To what do I owe the honor?
Are these your new students?
Yes. Third semester.
Some naturals among them?
It's difficult to say.
-Why?
-I need an agent and fast.
Why not use someone from your own unit?
I need someone
with a special set of skills.
All right.
What kind of guy you looking for?
She needs to be young.
She?
These three. they're the best I have.
Sanne. She's 29.
Very disciplined.
Physically strong and determined.
She's good at martial arts.
Then there's Sonja. She's 31.
Very reliable.
In great physical condition.
And finally. there's Lind.
She's a bit different.
Bit different?
She's younger. not as physically strong
as the two others.
But mentally. she's sharp. Very sharp.
She had a rough childhood.
but made it through on her own.
-Can I hold onto her file?
-Go ahead.
I lost my heart under the bridge
To that little girl
And now I moan
And now I holler
Hi.
Excuse me?
I just said hi.
Hi.
-Whatcha doing?
-Reading.
Whatcha reading?
A book.
Awesome.
I'm Emil.
I was wondering. would you like
to go grab a beer while we're waiting?
No. not really. I'll pass.
Why not?
I just saw you wash your girlfriend's bra
on the wrong cycle.
I think you've done enough damage today.
Oh. help me. Jesus
Go through the storm
I had to lose her
To do her harm
-Hi.
-Hi!
-Hi. Tea.
-Hi.
-Good to see you again.
-Thanks. You too.
Anyone willing to go first?
-I can go.
-Mm-hmm.
Hi. my name is Tea.
and I've been clean for six years now.
I'm grateful to be
a part of the Police Academy.
And… I love running.
I keep to myself.
And am doing just fine on my own.
Mm… Lately. I'm bored.
I have this longing…
to party. and drink. and…
dance. and all that.
PRIOR ADDRESSES
PERSONALITY ASSESSMENT
Dad? I need a blue one.
Of course. sweetie.
Dad. no. not that one.
Sorry. sweetie.
-You two ready yet?
-Yeah.
Whatcha doing?
-Making bracelets.
-Aw. can I see?
…carrying cocaine in his stomach
is now being investigated as homicide.
-Several sources…
-Wow.
-Is this for me?
-Yeah.
Thanks. sweetie.
-Now go put your shoes on. okay?
-Yep.
-Hey.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
-I have to stop by my brother's place.
-Okay.
-Mom. I'm hungry.
-Okay. you little rascal.
Should we get sushi or pizza?
Sushi.
Mom? What's Dad doing?
I don't know. sweetie.
He won't be too long.
-Go across the lake.
-I'm jumping.
What the fuck kind of game is this. Omar?
What's up?
You two. get out.
-What?
-Get the fuck outta here!
Fine. okay. calm down. man.
Fucking psycho.
Come on. Let's go.
Was that us?
What?
Bambi.
I'm not in the mood for your bullshit.
The guy. in the plane. was that us?
You said he was a rat.
Miran. what else
should I have fuckin' done with him?
Use your fucking head.
damn it. be discreet!
-It's all over the news right now.
-We made it look like an accident.
Huh? Are you kidding me?
Did I ask for your fucking opinion?!
-Miran!
-What?!
Shut the fuck up! Okay?
Because of your shit.
now I have to put everything on pause
because the police
are gonna be up my fucking ass.
You get it?
Whose idea was it?
Look at me when I talk to you.
Whose idea was it? Was it yours?
You're lucky you're my little brother.
I don't ever want to see you here again.
Turn that shit off. man.
This place is a mess.
you should be ashamed.
Tea Lind.
-From the Police Academy.
-Ah.
She has the perfect background.
She has the right attitude.
She'll be a good fit.
As an asset?
She's tough and she's got brains.
Pretty hard to find someone with both.
Are you sure she's the right fit?
If we wanna move fast.
she's the best option we got.
Her rough past
might actually work in our favor.
In what way?
An alcoholic mother.
a few sketchy acquaintances
when she was young.
She has a clean record…
…but she was in a relationship with
a dealer when she was a teenager.
A guy who gave her drugs and gifts with
one hand. and beat her up with the other.
She decided to turn her life around
and become a police officer
to fight what nearly destroyed her.
You're telling me that none
of our experienced agents would be
a better fit than some young woman
who has no real training?
None of our experienced agents
has the right profile. She does.
She's young. emotionless.
and she'll be working
in a setting she's familiar with.
What more do you want?
When can I meet her?
Okay. change!
Jensen. can you come here?
Lind?
Please have a seat.
What's up?
Uh. so I've been contacted. uh. by legal.
And they've decided
to dismiss you from the program.
What do you mean?
Administration decided to review
your security clearances.
and they found some. um. issues.
some things have been brought to light.
What sort of things?
Sorry. I can't give you any details.
I've never lied to you.
Yeah. um. well…
-Listen…
-You know where I come from.
Yeah. I know. Tea.
and I'm sorry about all of this.
I'll do everything I can
to help you move on from here.
What the hell do you mean?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Hello?
Yeah. that's me.
Is she okay?
Yes. of course.
I'll drop by as soon as I can.
Uh. thanks for calling.
Thanks.
Hello?
Hi. Mom.
Hi.
Whatcha doin' here?
Your neighbor said
you fell and hurt yourself.
Always meddling in everything.
-Let me take a look. Mom.
-I'll be all right.
Well. I'm here. so let me take a look.
Does it hurt?
I'm fine.
You look upset.
I'm not.
I know that face.
What happened?
Nothing happened. Mom.
I'm not an idiot. What's wrong?
Just tell me. What happened?
-Hello?
-I got kicked out of the Academy.
For what? What'd you do now?
Nothing at all.
They don't think I'm suited for it.
That's what I told you.
Mm-hmm.
You could wait tables.
Don't start. Mom.
You think you're too good for that?
You think you're
so much better than everyone.
But you're not.
See you.
Hey. before you go.
can you pass me the remote?
Here you go.
Tea Lind?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Read these. fill them out. and sign them.
Why are they kicking you out?
You better ask them.
Where are you from?
-Why do you care?
-Why won't you answer?
Who the hell are you?
Someone you shouldn't
be talking to like that.
Aalborg.
Where else?
I've moved around a lot.
Hm. How come?
My mother's job.
Why are you lying?
You moved around a lot
because you were being evicted.
You've been going through my files?
You might have been able
to fool social workers and teachers
so you could keep on living with your mom.
But you know it's not quite as easy
to try and fool the police.
Do you know Cafe Rosengarden?
No.
Come meet me there in half an hour.
You're late.
I came as fast as I could.
Mm… If you say so.
You came in and there were
two women at the bar. Describe them.
Mid-twenties.
Both with long hair.
One was wearing a floral shirt.
the other one had a brown top.
What else can you tell me?
-They care what others think about them.
-Doesn't everybody?
Not in the same way.
They like to show off.
If you went shopping and got bags
from three different places.
you'd gather everything into one bag
to make things easier. right?
Yeah. most people would too.
They kept all three bags
just to show off that they have money
and have been out shopping.
Good. Now go up to them.
Find out their names and…
get me their phone numbers.
You have until I've finished my lunch.
-Can I have the menu?
-Of course.
Yeah.
They're a lot like the ones
you bought last year.
Yeah. I don't know. I was…
Hey. may I ask what you're having?
We're having a Salade Niçoise.
Mm… Looks good.
-I'll have the same. please.
-Great.
Thank you.
They look nice.
Sorry. may I ask you a question?
-Yeah. sure.
-One of my friends. uh. well. she's. uh.
having her grand opening tonight.
-Okay.
-And. um…
I promised her
I'd try to invite a few people
'cause she really wants it
to be a big gathering.
Would you be interested? Do you like art?
What kind of art is it?
To be honest.
I have no idea. How embarrassing.
But if you want. you can give me
your names and your phone numbers.
I'll put you on the list and
send you a text with the information?
Sure. Yeah. sounds exciting.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Okay.
If you're still interested
in working for the police.
show up at this address
on Friday at 11:00 a.m.
And don't be late.
-This pasta's gonna be amazing.
-Good. 'cause I'm hungry.
Almost done.
Smells good.
Want Red Bull or soda?
-Soda.
-Soda?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Can you get the door?
Okay.
-Ooh!
-Hey.
Hi.
-Who is it?
-It's Niko.
Hey.
I just came over to say hi.
Fine. Want some food?
Hm?
What are you having?
Made some pasta. Home recipe.
Why not?
Let me get you a plate.
What the hell are you doing?!
Niko. what the fuck are you doing?!
Open up!
Niko!
Stop it. man!
You better start listening
to your brother.
He told you
he didn't wanna see that guy again.
Fuck.
Hi.
-Hi.
-Jensen. this is Tea.
Tea. this is Jensen.
He's in charge of everything.
Sit down.
Did you hear about
that man who died on the plane?
Yes.
But only from what I've heard on the news.
He was one of ours.
He had managed to infiltrate
the criminal organization
we've been monitoring for a while
now with our Special Crimes unit.
Miran Shahrani.
On the outside. he looks like a nice.
well-organized businessman.
but he's not.
He's responsible for most of
the cocaine smuggled into Scandinavia.
He runs many businesses
all around the city. big and small ones.
Industrial kitchen here.
a logistics company there…
These sorts of things.
Mostly phony invoices
and a lot of smokescreens
for his shadier activities.
Everything is calculated.
which makes it hard to bring down.
We almost did several times.
but we always fell short.
Thanks to our last asset.
we now know that
he's waiting for the next big delivery.
We think we might know how.
when. and where it will take place.
but we also have a feeling Miran knows
better than to use his usual channels.
We're looking for a new asset
who'll gain access to him
and gather new information.
But for now. we don't wanna get anyone
directly involved with his organization.
So we've had to think of an alternative.
Ashley.
Miran's girlfriend.
We're not sure how much she knows
or if she's involved.
but she lives well over her means.
probably off his money.
So she must know something.
The only people who have
the slightest access to Miran's world
are part of his inner circle.
His brother. Ashley.
and some of her friends.
That's where you come in.
You want me to become friends with her?
Not just any friend.
She has plenty of those.
You need to become
the friend she's always wanted.
The woman she's dreamt
of becoming someday.
Someone she can look up to.
Why would she even
consider looking up to me?
'Cause we're giving you
the perfect narrative.
Narrative?
Your fake identity.
Ashley studied to become a goldsmith.
but had to drop out when she got pregnant.
She'd probably love to have
a friend who works as one.
-So I'm gonna be a goldsmith?
-A jeweler.
It's not as technical
and it's easier to study up on.
PET is temporarily taking over
a jeweler's shop and making it your own.
An upscale and fashionable store
you can only visit by appointment.
Born in Aalborg.
"An alcoholic mother.
a violent stepdad." That's my life.
Background and childhood.
those sorts of things. yes.
The more info you use
from your life. the better.
The most important thing
is that you know your story.
What do I get if I help?
Maybe we can get someone
to review your security clearance.
Right. What does that mean?
If all goes well.
there's no saying that
you can't get a job here with us…
among PET.
Yeah. sure. go ahead
and put it there for now.
Can't get any money outta the country yet.
You asked everyone?
Yeah. I asked everyone.
But they're all scared
after what happened on the plane.
So what now?
Go home.
-Are you sure?
-Yes. just go.
All right.
Miran. I've also been talking to--
Niko. let me fucking think for a sec!
I talked to Erik.
He's putting pressure on us.
He wants his product.
Well. Niko. Erik needs to calm down.
That's what I told him.
I'm not sure he will for much longer.
If I wanna become good friends
with her. I need to impress her.
Not sure some jewelry store
will be enough.
She's not that type.
What type is she. then?
From my experience. not many mothers
wear expensive jewelry right next to
their daughter's homemade bracelet.
She does so she can
feel like a good mother.
You see how she's telling
her daughter how to pose.
and how to smile?
She's taking the picture over and over
to get the perfect shot to post.
To boost her self-esteem.
That's our way in. then.
Master your narrative.
and when you're ready. we'll test it out.
JEWELRY. TECHNOLOGY AND BUSINESS
DUBAI
BEHIND THE FACADE
WHAT'S YOUR FIRST NAME?
WELCOME. SARA!
I won't be coming back for a while…
because I'll be very busy
with school and I…
I won't have any time to come here.
WHEN IS GOOD FOR YOU?
8:00 PM IS PERFECT
LOOKING FORWARD TO MEETING YOU!
-Your glass of water.
-Thank you.
Sara?
-Jacob?
-Yes.
-Nice to meet you.
-You too.
-Hi.
I worked in Dubai for six years.
-Wow.
-Mm.
-Dubai.
-Yeah.
As an influencer or something?
No. not at all.
Actually. I work as a jeweler.
Interesting! So does that mean
that you design your own pieces?
Um… No. I don't really design.
-I prefer when other people do that.
-Oh.
I'm more into trading.
Like buying a gem for cheap.
placing it in a nice adornment.
and selling it for more.
Better margins.
-Better margins.
-Yup.
Tea?
-Hi.
-Sorry?
-I knew it was you.
-Do we know each other?
Ahmed. We met the other day.
at church. remember?
No. I'm sorry. I'm Sara.
I think you might have got me
mixed up with someone else.
-Sorry. Um…
-You're kidding. right?
You said…
Are you with the police too?
What? No. I'm a high school teacher.
Are you from the police or what?
No.
All right. maybe you should
leave us alone now.
Maybe you should stay out of it.
Sorry.
Let's get another drink?
-May we have the menu?
-Yeah.
-Can I help you?
-No. everything's just fine.
Great.
How did it go?
Went fine.
You feel like
you're ready to move forward?
I think you're ready.
Buy whatever you need.
Just keep all the receipts
and don't screw me over.
-Understood?
-Yeah.
You've met Yasin.
He's our handler.
Hi.
Yasin will be your main point of contact.
along with me.
He'll also be in charge of monitoring
surveillance wherever you go.
whenever it's possible.
The two of you will get along well.
-Can you show her the apartment?
-Yeah.
He wanted me to be harsh on you.
You did well.
So did you.
It was pretty convincing.
And annoying.
There's food in the fridge
and clothes in the closet.
If you need anything else.
just go ahead and buy it.
Or else just let me know.
What do you think?
-I never really lived like this before.
-No?
The guy who died on the plane…
Is Miran responsible?
Miran doesn't kill anyone.
Others do it for him.
Rest well. get ready for tomorrow.
I will.
Hello?
Relax. calm down.
Bambi. take it easy.
Don't do anything until I get there.
I'm coming.
Bye.
Honey?
-Yeah?
-I'm going out.
Now?
-Is everything okay?
-All good.
Okay.
Don't move!
Did you hear me?!
Bambi…
Let Niko go.
I asked him to do it.
You fucked up. okay?
You and Omar fucked up.
Fuck you. man!
You fucked it all up.
We just did what you asked.
Fuck you.
-I'm done with your shit.
-Bambi.
Calm down.
It's okay.
Hey.
She's in the salon now.
-Hello.
-Hi!
-How may I help you?
-I have an appointment.
-Your name. please?
-Sara Linnemann.
I know! They have
so many Prada outlets there!
Okay then.
Well. I think if we go to Italy.
Miran is gonna wanna come with us.
Honey. I was thinking
maybe we could go just us girls.
-You tell Miran then.
-We have to…
-Italy's his favorite country.
-It'll be fun.
So where should we stay?
On a yacht or in a villa?
Hi. Sofia.
Hi.
-Getting your nails done today?
-Mm-mm.
No?
-Hello. Can I help you?
-Hi.
-I booked an appointment.
-Okay.
-Hi.
Do you like my jewelry?
-Which one's your favorite?
-This one.
Go ahead. try it on.
-Need some help?
-Yes. please.
Looks good on you.
You can borrow it
if you're careful with it.
Okay. thanks.
All done? Ready to pay?
Yeah.
Let me find you in the system.
-What's this?
-A bracelet.
-Where did you get it?
-From that lady over there.
Sweetie. you know you can't
just take other people's things like that.
But she said I could borrow it.
Come with me.
Excuse me.
So. I think
my daughter accidentally took this.
I'm really sorry.
No. don't worry about it.
I told her she could.
You really just let her play with it?
Yeah. She promised she'd be careful.
Right?
Yeah. That's what I told you. Mom.
Yeah. well. you can borrow mine.
I have the same one at home.
You have a really sweet daughter.
Thanks.
Come. sweetie.
Let's go.
There are only five like these in Denmark.
Excuse me?
Uh. my bracelet.
What's that supposed to mean?
Doesn't mean anything.
Sure.
You think I lied?
That I don't have one like it?
-I didn't say that.
-Then what are you saying?
I'm just wondering
where you got yours from.
It was a gift.
Tell your husband
to get your gifts from me next time.
Here you go.
Thank you. That'll be $95.99.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
There are only five like these in Denmark.
Excuse me?
-Do I always have to wear this?
-No.
Only until we have her hooked.
It can be dangerous in the long run.
You think I lied?
That I don't have one like it?
-I didn't say that.
-Then what are you saying?
It's pretty obvious that
you're not used to making new friends.
What? Should I have just kissed up to her?
No. but no need to upset her either.
I just didn't want
to come across too nice.
I noticed.
Right. because I guess
you'd know her type better than I do.
She's not the kind of woman
you suck up to.
It's obvious she's been treated
much worse than that.
Hope you're right for your own sake.
Maybe it didn't go that bad after all.
She just visited
Linnemann's Instagram account.
And booked an appointment for tomorrow.